Adding a question to address greater landscape (#32)
Open-Source-Studio-at-ITP/Final-Projects: proposal-template.md

## Define the problem. 
*What is the current state of things? What issue do you wish to solve and why? Who is the audience?*

## Address Greater Landscape

> *Please address how this project fits into a greater field or tech landscape. Who has done similar work before? How are you building off this, and how? What sets your project apart from your collegues? *

Reviewer: ```suggestion
*Please address how the open source project you are creating or contributing to fits into a greater field or tech landscape. Who has done similar work before? How are you building off this, and how? What sets your project apart from your colleagues?*
```

Reviewer: A few small wording changes? Feel free to incorporate manually if you prefer!
